show how to log in Program.cs /3 (#26149)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/logging/index.md

  * `AzureAppServicesBlob`
  * `ApplicationInsights`

> ## Log in Program.cs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Log in `Program.cs`
```

> ## Log in `Program.cs`

Reviewer 2: There should also be a sample that covers using the WebApplicaiton's logger.
```
var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);
var app = builder.Build();
app.Logger.LogInformation("Adding Routes");
app.MapGet("/", () => "Hello World!");
app.Logger.LogInformation("Starting the app");
app.Run();
```

> The following example calls <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ConsoleLoggerExtensions.AddConsole(ILoggerFactory)> in `Program.c` and logs the `/Test` endpoint:

Author: @guardrex  Line 130: [Warning] Cross reference not found: 'Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ConsoleLoggerExtensions.AddConsole(ILoggerFactory)'.

Reviewer: That tool calculates/guesses some of them. I think it should be ...

```
<xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ConsoleLoggerExtensions.AddConsole%2A>
```

> The following example calls [AddConsole](/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.logging.consoleloggerextensions.addconsole) <!--<xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ConsoleLoggerExtensions.AddConsole(ILoggerFactory)>--> in `Program.c` and logs the `/Test` endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example calls <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ConsoleLoggerExtensions.AddConsole%2A> in `Program.cs` and logs the `/Test` endpoint:
```

[!code-csharp[](index/samples/6.x/WebLog/Program.cs?name=snippet1)]

> The following example calls [AddSimpleConsole](/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.logging.consoleloggerextensions.addsimpleconsole) <!--<xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ConsoleLoggerExtensions.AddSimpleConsole(ILoggingBuilder)>--> in `Program.c`, disables color output, and logs the `/Test` endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example calls <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ConsoleLoggerExtensions.AddSimpleConsole%2A> in `Program.cs`, disables color output, and logs the `/Test` endpoint:
```
